---
layout: post
title: An unforgettable winter
date: 2020-02-16
categories:
  - Meaning Seeker
description: First Chapter
image: 
image-sm: 
---

*It is always hard to narrate the thoughts. Especially for me—I always find that fragments are easy to form but the logics connecting them are elusive to construct.*

# 1

It had already been 22 days since she last stepped of the house. Looking into the distance of the night, Rosella stood in front of the window reflecting on the past month.

An unheralded 'plague' swept the whole world, particularly severe in her hometown, Wuhan, which is the origin of this nasty outbreak. The city was locked down on 23rd Jan. And she, therefore, was trapped in these cages.

Thinking of this, she couldn't help feeling forlorn. The girl was indignant about everything. She wanna blame the authority for its autarchy and hypocrisy. She wanna take it out on those residents in other province, some of whom had been, from the first day of the outbreak, blaming and insulting the Wuhanese as if it were them who had caused this disaster. She found those media controlled by the Communism hilarious.

However mad she was, she could not change a bit of this world. So what is the meaning of her existence—considering there's no good on both her and the world's sides?

A tide of hopelessness overwhelmed her. Though she had know a long time before that no souls are mutual, it was hard to accept the truth. There were never reliability or compassion from anyone else—this was her creed now.

# 2

Tears ran down her face. It was the first day of lunar New year. Rosella took a knife from the kitchen and locked her self in her bedroom. She observed the shining blade recalling the summer two years ago: exactly the same scene, but ended with fearing for the pain cost by death. So was this time. She hated herself, for being a coward.

Those who commit suicide are real brave. You may reproach them for being irresponsible, but you can never deny their courage when facing the death.

'I am the true reprobate—don't have the backbone to go straight along, yet lack the courage to pay the price of paradise,' She hated herself.

All of this began with a small quarrel with her mom. The love between them are undeniable and unparalleled, she knew that. But she just couldn't get off her mind her mom's once saying 'Everyone must still go on no matter who has gone.' Her heart first sunk at hearing this, then lifted again, 'Then I can end my life without guiltiness'.

She sometimes feel herself being too sensitive. Those are just trivial things which probably bear no weight on someone else. However, she just couldn't overcome them at that moment. She hated the world. She hated those compatriots who had betrayed her hometown. She didn't want any more obscure papers to beat her confidence down. She couldn't find a proper summer internship, neither wanna prepared for GRE and determined that avoiding all these would be a better choice. And what was worse, she couldn't find anything in the world to keep her 'alive'. Yes, she was literarily alive, but in some obscure sense, she was not. Life was fine, but nothing so special that worth sticking around. She didn't like what she was doing, she didn't like her research and she could hardly see a happy future following her current schedule. Everything was just, boring.

She seemed never have been truly happy for the past few years.

Is that depression?

She couldn't figure what exactly depression is. Is it an excuse for cowardice? Is it a motion trap we create ourselves? Or is it a genetic factor we have to take seriously?

# 3

It was him again. Rosella stared at the lighted screen. It was hard to describe her feeling toward this guy.

Rosella had been acquainted with Mariuk for one and a half years, during which she had once blacklist and once deleted him, and made up her mind never talking to him for a thousand times. But each time he managed to get her speaking to him again, and ignited her anger for the one and a thousandth time.

He had seldom imposed a good impression on her.

Always regarding himself superior to others, only caring for himself and never about others, those are just some reasons for her not so fond of him.

Rosella felt he had never understood her, he didn't even try. Everyday Mariuk would just send some trivia he found interesting, which she found hard to reply. Undeniable, he had also offered great help to her regarding the previous homework answers. So at the beginning, Rosella had hoped to regard him as a real friend whom she could share her happiness and pain with. However, each time she told him some amusing things he only gave a curt reply or didn't give a response at all; each time she felt so hurt and wanna seek some comfort from him, she only got back some insipid stickers and what was more, he sometimes even added salt to her wound. Time passed and her emotion wore down. After some quarrels she finally gave up—she could never make him truly understand her, truly care about her.

Surprisingly, understanding this made her relieved. Now that no souls are mutual, exposing ones heart only makes it more vulnerable. If the sole effect of feeling is hurting oneself, then why bother having feelings? It was then she decided never to have feelings again. Someone may say if you cut off your emotion, though you may indeed save yourself from being hurt, you are also never able to feel happiness. Surely it's true, but in her case, that sounded like a fair deal.

She discussed it with her best friend Lync afterwards.

'Then you will miss a lot of things,' said Lync.

Rosella knew. But she just didn't have the patience or courage any more.

# 4

Now she didn't look forward to or reply Mariuk's message often as she used to. Disheartened by him was on reason. For another one, she had someone else on her mind.

Jefferey once said 'I like you' to her. It was the night before the beginning of last summer. Considering that they were going to be separated for about eight months, and most importantly, her mother's disapproval, she gave an equivocal answer. And with the elapse of time, they gradually grow out of contact, not until recently.

To be frank, Rosella was not very fond of either of them, considering their attention to and even flirtation with other girls. But she was too lonely, just as what Jo said in the *Little Woman*, she just desperate for being loved. But here was where Mom came in, 'But do you love him?'.

Rosella could hardly understand love specifically. She thought she had only truly liked someone even until now. And that was her ex-boyfriend. She fell in love with Justin at the first sight, because he was just her type. They got in relation with one month, and 

# 5

Another winter vacation without doing anything. Everyone else had at least done something.

'Everyone else is at least good at something. But I am not. I am totally useless,' she thought.

# 6

Call me by your name and I'll call you by mine

She vaguely believed that it was more advisable for her to apply for a PhD in Europe.

She was on the one hand obsessed with the boy, and on the other hand doubted the meaning of the love.